Sprint 1 Report, CoolConnect, Maid of Fire, 10/28/14

Things to Stop Doing:
Putting 115 work as lowest priority: Most members seem to be pushing their sprint work to the bottom of the queue that is their life. This has caused some relatively simple tasks to be left undone.

Underestimating bugs: Some bugs seem easy to fix but ended up taking more time. If as a team we take bugs more seriously, they could probably get fixed faster.

Procrastinating: Most team members did not start working until it was towards the end. We really need to be doing a little work all the time. 

Things to Start Doing:
Get Eric a device: Currently Eric does not have a device to work with and thus can only use the emulator which is hard to develop on.

Pairing up: Currently only Kevin and Alex have been meeting up on the side. Since this is in fact a chat client, more members to make up private meeting times to test their features/bug fixes.

Working more often: The group needs to do a little bit all the time. Doing bit by bit each day will help keep the project moving smoothly.

Things to Keep Doing:
Sharing understanding: The team has been pretty good at communicating how different features of the code work. This understanding is crucial for members to proceed in development.

Reporting issues: Issues need to be reported to be fixed. The team has done a good job of reporting issues on git.

Work Completed/Not Completed:
No user stories were fully completed

Unfinished:

User Story 1: As a developer I want a solid code base so I can expand on it effectively 

User Story 2: As a user I want a chat network to be as expansive and resilient as possible while 
still being solely peer-to-peer so I can have robust interactions without relying on a centralized system. 

User Story 3: As a user I want to chat with people nearby so I can have a simple and easy way of connecting quickly 

Completion Rate:

Story Completion Points: 0

Work Hours: 34/77

Days: 14

Story rate: 0/day

Hour rate: 2.43 Per day
