Sprint 2 Report Maid of Fire, CoolConnect
November 12, 2014

Things to Stop Doing:
  -Stop misusing Git: There was a misunderstanding with an individual  in our group uploading files to Github because 
    they accidentally were uploading all of their new files and updated files into their own personal fork. This 
    is particularly dangerous because the fork was never merged and made the Github disorganized and difficult to 
    follow.
    
Things to Start Doing: 
  -More Programming Session Meet-ups: The group needs to meet up in order to increase the amount of needed work activity
    per week to accommodate the large demand of the project. Many of the tasks we assigned in our user stories required 
    more hours than we originally realized due to the immense number of bugs we discovered.
  -Breaking up tasks better: The group has had difficulties in entirely completing specific user stories because of the 
    bugs found while performing the tasks. Without having thoroughly established tasks in a sprint, the demand for the 
    user stories then increases the amount of story points a user story should have had.
  
Things to Keep Doing:
  -Communicating effectively: The group has been communicating thoroughly with each major progression in the project.
    By maintaining strong communication amongst the group's progress, the group has been able to collaborate and 
    effectively handle many of the issues that have risen from the project.
  -Common understanding: Through the effectiveness of the group's communication, everyone has a strong grasp over the 
    entire project's current state and understanding what the desired product is. This has allowed all development on 
    the application to never skew away from its anticipated final design.
  -Quality Assurance: The group has tested the application in each stage of development in order to see if the application
    had continue to meet its expected requirements to its delivery standards. By using quality assurance, the application
    is always tested to show how all of its protocols and mechanics are always improving and never hurting the app due to 
    a new update.
  
Work Completed:
  -Nearby User Story: The task of allowing the app CoolConnect to communicate to any other phone in a specific range
    that is also running CoolConnect.
  -Debug User Story: The task of fixing all the initial bugs that were found in the program that caused the program
    to initially not complete its expected functions correctly.
  
Not Completed:
  -Mesh Network

Story Points: 60/105

Ideal Work Hours: 105/105

Story Point per Day: 4.3

Ideal Work Hours Per Day: 7.5
  
Average Story Points: 2.15
  
Average Ideal Work Hours: 4.97
